Maintenance considerations (#531)
mpi-forum/mpi-issues: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/issue-template.md

<!-- Describe the changes that will impact users here. -->

# Impact on Maintainability and Expected Uptake

> <!-- Describe additional effort to maintain the change and potential users. -->  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Describe the set of potential users and future efforts to maintain the change. -->  
```

Author: Much nicer.
